Top 20 Array Problems:
----------------------------
Two Sum: Given an array of integers, find two numbers such that they add up to a specific target number.

Longest Consecutive Sequence: Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest consecutive elements sequence.

Trapping Rain Water: Given n non-negative integers representing an elevation map where the width of each bar is 1, compute how much water it can trap after raining.

Maximum Subarray: Find the contiguous subarray within an array (containing at least one number) which has the largest sum.

Product of Array Except Self: Given an array nums of n integers where n > 1, return an array output such that output[i] is equal to the product of all the elements of nums except nums[i].

Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array: Suppose an array sorted in ascending order is rotated at some pivot unknown to you beforehand. Find the minimum element.

Search in Rotated Sorted Array: Write an efficient algorithm that searches for a target value in a rotated sorted array.

Median of Two Sorted Arrays: There are two sorted arrays. Find the median of the two sorted arrays.

3Sum: Given an array nums of n integers, find all unique triplets in the array which gives the sum of zero.

Subarray Sum Equals K: Given an array of integers and an integer k, find the total number of continuous subarrays whose sum equals to k.

Merge Intervals: Given a collection of intervals, merge all overlapping intervals.

Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock: Find the maximum profit you can achieve. You may complete as many transactions as you like (i.e., buy one and sell one share of the stock multiple times).

Longest Increasing Subsequence: Find the length of the longest increasing subsequence in an unsorted array of integers.

Next Permutation: Implement next permutation, which rearranges numbers into the lexicographically next greater permutation of numbers.

Word Search: Given a 2D board and a word, find if the word exists in the grid.

Sort Colors: Given an array with n objects colored red, white, or blue, sort them in-place so that objects of the same color are adjacent, with the colors in the order red, white, and blue.

Minimum Size Subarray Sum: Given an array of n positive integers and a positive integer s, find the minimal length of a contiguous subarray of which the sum is greater than or equal to s. If there isn't one, return 0.

Sliding Window Maximum: Given an array nums, there is a sliding window of size k which is moving from the very left of the array to the very right. You can only see the k numbers in the window. Each time the sliding window moves right by one position. Return the max sliding window.

Kth Largest Element in an Array: Find the kth largest element in an unsorted array.

Spiral Matrix: Given an m x n matrix, return all elements of the matrix in spiral order.